Okay, so this is just like a, um, a run-through for my talk that I was thinking of. Um, and, uh, yeah, I'm just gonna, like, go for a rant and, uh, share what I'm what I'm thinking about. So the talk topic is feedback loops, creating them for agents, uh, working with feedback loops. And so what I was thinking is, you know, for the outline of my talk, so far I've thought of is we introduce introduce myself, uh, what I work on, my credentials a little bit, then segue into, uh, feed like, what is a feedback loop and why I think they are they a bit they're so valuable, uh, relate that to the essence of how feedback loops have really made have really made using agentic coding tools like Claude Code, um, so valuable to the workflow of an engineer, uh, engineer, PMs, and those alike. And, um, go dive into, like, really breaking that down, what is a feedback loop, like, trying to be really explicit about it. Then segue into talking about what we've done at Harmonic with SCOUT for feedback loops. So at this point, we've iter I've already mentioned that, like, feedback loops are a way of really just giving the agent the ability to verify its work, the outcome of its the outcome of its uh, uh, verify the output it has produced, that artifact. And, uh, feedback feedback loops can come in the form of human feedback, can come in the form of, like, um, closing loop, like, type checking, uh, unit tests, like, did all the unit tests pass, or even, like, integration tests, like, clicking around clicking a sequence certain sequence, you know, like, using tools, uh, like Agent Browser to, you know, manually do this, or writing integration tests with, like, uh, you know, various testing frameworks. Uh, and, and, and many more. There the way to the like, there's no bound on what a feedback loop can look like. Um, but yes, those are that's why it's valuable, is because it gives the the agent now has an ability, um, and is aware of checking its work and using a specific kind of tools to do that. So segueing that into Harmonic, like, with Harmonic's, uh, with SCOUT in Harmonic, what we have done and landed on with our latest iteration with our sourcing workflow for VCs, um, the idea of finding a company that meets a certain criteria in their query, we have landed on this ability of giving the agent, uh, a tool to execute SQL against our database so that it can determine whatever data it needs. It's able to join that information. It has it's aware of the schema and, uh, construct a relevant search query, uh, construct a relevant SQL query so that it is able to pull in results, like, have a look, inspect the results, see if they kind of adhere to the, um, to the user's intent of their query, and, uh, display that information and, and return back return that information to the user. Now, we take that even one step further than just, uh, giving the agent, like, using the right tools for the job, which is, like, querying a database using SQL, like, using information that's already in its pre-training, uh, in its training set, I mean. Uh, we go one step further and we give the agent ability to, um oh, we give we give the user now the ability to, uh, trigger, like, an evaluation subagent to go through the list of companies or the the results set and for it to identify, like, how what are the most relevant companies or what are the most relevant entities that are in the results set that they would be interested in. And this is really important because this feedback loop is something that overall helps drive the outcome of the user experience. Like, this is a bottleneck in the in the user's, uh, user experience of this workflow of sourcing. It's like, now I have a list of, I don't know, thousands of companies. Am I going to go through and sift through all of the all of this data? No, that is very that is very below the line, as we say in Harmonic. The above-the-line solution is get an agent to really help sift, uh, sift through the noise the find the signal from the noise. And, um, and this is really valuable because this feedback does not necessarily go towards the agent, like SCOUT itself. This feedback comes to the user. It helps them with the user experience of using SCOUT. And that's really, really precious because the user is able to derive even more value. Not only are they able to source the companies, like, find a relevant set of companies, now they're able to really, like, dig deeper in that set and identify ones that are truly, like, what the agent thinks is most valuable to them, like, most relevant to their intent. And, um, and so, like, that's also another form of feedback loops, is, like, it's improving the overall user experience. And so we touch on that. Now, I want to, like, really give the audience a call to action, like, some concrete advice on how they can think in feedback loops. Uh, and so some methods that we have discovered in Harmonic that works for us is, one, we talk to our users quite a bit, so we identify what are bottlenecks in their workflows, so we're able to really create feedback loops for for them and the agent to really break through that. And this, like, evaluation subagent from has been responded through that experience. Two is we, um, we we we do tons of error analysis. And what that means is, like, we look through our data, like, the sessions that our users have with SCOUT, and we try to identify where are what are common patterns that of SCOUT, like, just falling short of its mark. And we try to think about whether or not how can we solve that. And a lot of the times, you know, the solution is not just a prompt tweak, but, uh, it might just be a, uh, feed implementing a feedback loop. And an example of that is SCOUT generates market maps, and these market maps, a lot of the times, users have complained that, "Hey, you know, the output of this market map, this company logo was just, like, the style of it was just very off. Like, the company logo did not fit in the, uh, didn't fit in the bounds of the, uh, generated, uh, SVG or something like that." So, you know, that's, like, not ideal. It's not the end of the world, but it's not ideal. So what can we do to solve this problem is, like, we're going to write a function, like a subagent, so that it can, you know, take every time an SVG is outputted, like a market map SVG is outputted, we snapshot that, run that through a really nice vision model, get feedback to look for these, these pitfalls, and then really get that, uh, feed that information back to the agent. And if there's something that needs to be fixed, the agent can regenerate the output. If there's nothing, congratulations. The agent can go on to the next step. And so, yes, this might impact latency, but at the end of the day, the user is getting as much value as possible. And so you can always design, uh, craft your UX around it to really, um, afford this, this latency. And it's just about getting creative and understanding how to really craft how to really make a good product. So, um, that's the second thing, looking at your data and coming up with, uh, solutions, seeing if feedback loops are good to solve common pitfalls with your agent where your agents are typically messing up. And then the third thing, which is something we try to we've been trying exploring recently, is this concept of, you know, letting the agent modify its own skills and memory. Like, if user one thing we've discovered with Claude Code that's made it so powerful for us is the ability to, uh, get Claude to understand how we work and our workflows with it, how to use our tools. It's not a these agents are very general, but it's not a one-size-fit-all. So skills are a great way towards tailoring them to giving them context when needed to, uh, our workflows. And we've afforded our users the same opportunity and giving them the opportunity to iterate on these skills and say, like, "Hey, you know, you messed up in this area. Um, let's make sure you don't do that again." Like, our our focus is in, uh, in in this specific vertical, like, don't show companies that are related to this. Like, you can always add that to the memory. You can always add that to the skills that are relevant to the task. And the next time the agent, uh, performs that a similar task, it's able to retrieve that skill, and it has that context. It has that information. So it's able to remember that, "Hey, in this workflow for this user, not to do this or to or to do this," that feedback has persisted across sessions. And that's what really makes the value of this product very, very sticky, is very powerful. Um, so, uh, so, yeah, those are the three, three ways that we have found in Harmonic that have been very valuable in helping us think in feedback loops. Um, and, uh, something I also thought about with respect towards my conclusion conclusion slide is, like, yes, I want to summarize the whole talk really quickly in, like, 35 seconds, 40 seconds. But, uh, I also want to have a slide at the back of me that says, like, here are some questions that, like, here are some topics about this, um, that we didn't get to discuss today and would be great for questions if somebody wanted to ask them or come come up to me and talk more about them. I'm more than happy to, uh, touch on these subjects. I feel like that's a really easy way to engage the audience so that they can get more out of the talk. Um, and some of those topics I have are related to, like, what are the pitfalls of feedback loops? Like, not all feedback loops are needed or necessary or even, uh, useful. A lot of times they can just cause a lot of excess usage, excess token consumption, and, um, they actually can harm you, you know, the performance of the agent, especially when new models drop. Like, that is a serious consideration. So, like, what do we do about that? Like, what's our experience with doing that? So we, we, we want to talk. Like, that would be a great, um, thing to touch on. Um, yeah, that's basically the general outline of what I've come up with for my talk.

